Title: Argumentational Agent Architecture - Design Principles

Abstract: 
	The paper presents the design principles used for creating the architecture of an intelligent argumentation agent.
	The internal representation of arguments, the communication protocol and message structure (based on the AIF ontology)
	will be presented. Finally, a simple use case for the agent and possible future extensions of the model
	are presented.
	
Introduction
	Analyzing communication between entities could not be done throughout history without giving argumentation a great deal of study.
	Argumentation can be defined as the process of putting together a set of statements aimed to strengthen or weaken a claimed expression.
	Today the argumentation field has been extended to the computer science and artificial intelligence domain, 
	especially with areas dealing with multi-agent communication. It has also played a major role in the decision support systems field.
	One key challenge is the design of means of communication between intelligent agents. 
	Considerable research effort has been expended on the design of artificial languages for agent communications, 
	such as DARPA’s Knowledge Query and Manipulation Language (KQML) [1] and the 
	Foundation for Intelligent Physical Agents’ (now IEEE FIPA) Agent Communications Language (FIPA ACL) [2].
	
	A variety of systems are now available for users to create and represent arguments such as AML Araucaria [3], 
	TruthMapping [4], Reason!Able [5], Compendium[6], and others. But, while significant progress has been made in the development of systems
	like the latter ones and in understanding the theoretical properties of different argumentation logics and in specifying argumentation dialogues,
    there remain major barriers to the development and practical deployment of argumentation systems.
	These are caused both by a lack of a standard agent architecture and a lack of a shared, agreed notation
    or "interchange format" for argumentation and arguments. 
	
	The development of a standard agent-based argumentation platform would certainly allow for an easier development of related systems such as
	Negotiation Systems, Decision support systems etc.
	The current paper aims at making an important start towards the removal of the earlier mentioned barriers by presenting the conceptual architecture
	of an argumentation agent based on the JADE [7] platform and by presenting an argumentational conversation protocol whose messages rely
	on the Argumentation Interchange Format (AIF) [8].
	
	The rest of the paper is structured as follows. Section two will introduce related work that explains the structure of the AIF ontology
	and that describes the usage of dialogue games for modeling agent communication. Section 3 will present the class and protocol diagrams
	used by the current initial agent architecture. Finally, section 4 will give an example use case and list the future possible extensions
	of the model.
	
Related work
Central to the new agent design are its communication protocol and the representation format of both the internal argument network
and of the exchanged protocol messages. This section introduces work related to the usage of argumentational dialogue games used 
to model agent communication and work related to a standard argument interchange format, the extended AIF ontology.
	